I really have to go to the toilet, we can wait with this video please
You are watching BioNews!
* Music Introduction BioNews *
Apparently, people have been urinating from left and right lately
Oh
What did you do? What did you do?
A few days ago, I played a video that tested an eye tracking tool
Basically, you can see where I'm looking at this screen
So I asked people to submit videos about what I should see
Of course people send me Twitch Boobie Streamers
I am very joking just said it randomly in the video "stupid click thots!"
"Stupid ... Click on the picture".
It's very hardcore stuff.
I certainly understand why people see it in a very negative way
Well, as it turned out, the name of Alinity washer
You had some things to say or do about it,
Pewdiepie: This is very annoying
Stupid ... Click to Tweet.
I just feel they - they won me, okay
They will not win over me
Stupid twitch clips. No.
Alinity: Se-Seriously? you said that?
I will copy the blow of this man
Just for that word
Will copy them
You are!
Can we copy the latest Pewdiepie video strike?
Like now?
He called us Twitch foci
Pewdiepie: Now, I saw it very soon afterwards - it happened in the table
Uh, I never want to bother people with videos.
I, I just thought it was easier to cut
But before we can do this,
Do the video actually, yes, get a STRIKED version
Swing and blow missed
For me, uh, it is such a memeable word
It does not necessarily have any negative connotations with it
I certainly did not mean it in a negative way
It's just a joke
But I want to apologize to Alanti and be clear
The aim was not to hurt or disturb anyone.
Alinity had a big problem with my use of this word
Just like anyone else saw it.
We are devastated
Washer: Yes, honestly the fact that I was in his video
(*get ready*)
Is crazy!
Now, we were not sure whether, uh,
Alinity who actually did COPY STRIKE
Swing and blow missed
Or if it is just a random claim
Because I get it all the time
But the next day
I have followed this up,
Where it's kind of bragging
"Yes, I've been men"
Now again
I can not view the section but - and I would not recommend anyone to watch it
Because it is probably the most clips that can be seen from anyone at all
Sitting with a bowl of spaghetti,
Slap away go
* Eating noise *
"Yes, I was not on my way"
And then, you can not get a pattern over this.
This is legally transcription
* Text Message *
(* Good money *)
A good copy of money infects people
Alinity, the most popular genius of all time
Ehhh
Of course, publicly admits
L, uh, abuse of copyright law Basically,
It is an illegal act that can be held in a court of law
My videos are 100% protected from fair use
They have - standing on their feet.
They had my own comment
They often work as reviews often
I interact with the content, but I add my own comment which gives criticism towards it
It is a transformative act that stands before the courts or at the very least
We've seen it. Stand before a court of law similar to H3H3 who sued another person
Youtuber did not like what they said until they took him to court by copying the striking copies
Which is pretty similar to what happened here to a much lesser extent where
I did not like what I said so I wanted to download my video or at least claim good money for it now
I'm used to dealing with this kind of thing. There are opportunistic people all the time
I lost earnings from my videos because of the background track that was parodying someone else's track for a long time
So a lot of things happen all the time
I've literally had two of the second screen clip getting all the revenue from the video without saying what the reason is
This shows me how easy it is to abuse YouTube's legal justice for fair use and to see someone who brags about it
So openly and uhh arrogance
It's very serious. So, basically, collaborate with the company DRM that hits my video. They need licensing videos to reduce
So they agreed to do so basically and that's why they took profits from my video
Imagine if I did something really bad and everyone would answer it then I could
Get ready by claiming all revenue from this video primarily
Control all these videos if I do not like what someone says about me I can claim this video and this is toxic
Environment that will destroy YouTube only. So we see people misuse this seriously
It is very dangerous and very harmful
I am happy because this whole thing is showing to light
Although I feel bad for Annette because she does not know clearly how to deal with this situation
Now this whole thing blew up a lot of votes. Many people may have pressed it
So I issued a statement now, I did not think it could become more undesirable, but it turned out I was wrong
I did not even put this whole thing down until I read this statement. This is very stupid
The reason for his reaction is that frankly I am frustrated by the widespread racial discrimination in the Internet
Societies. It certainly looked like this
I thought it was because of good money. You are making videos of beatings. they. I'm dealing with someone like Felix
Insulting women into a largely young audience
Your audience is 12 years old hoping to watch some split. are you kidding me?
What is the phantom that you must have to offer these kinds of phrases?
This kind of nonsense gets into my lap and ends up being harassed for six hours
I brought this whole situation to yourself and no one but you
She then went on to blame the sympathy for the whole thing, saying all that cooperation does
Without my knowledge, I will remember that I am frankly because they claimed the videos clearly
Transformative works
Can we copystrike Pewdiepie?
I'm very upset at Collab to claim this video
But can we copy Pewdiepie?
I did not want this to happen and I'm sorry. What do you want after that?
You are talking about this video called Alinity Dance Group
It is a collection of game-only dance games that I enjoy but videos
The intended goal has nothing to do with the game I love; it is just a convincing video
How can they recognize me? I do not understand. I just play a game
I just play a game I really enjoy explaining. I just want to play this Just Dance game.
Why do people object? I do not understand it
I do not understand why
This statement was omitted
I suppose he did not get the reaction she was hoping for
Then I finally went to PhillyD to talk about this whole ordeal
This is what I mean is the only thing I know about how this word is that they pay me
So basically because she felt helpless
The PhillyD White Knight is here
Congratulations, she was powerless. I only know they are paying me. That's all I care about
I do not understand how Collabdrm works, but can we extract Pewdiepie?
I do not understand how to get a salary
But can we ask Pewdiepie, by the way?
She did not know she just did not know she was being bombarded by people to feel power
She said I could do it and at that point I explained
The situation where Collab was supposed to be just a claim for videos where there was nothing to transfer because she trusted the company
She trusted the company
Poor woman
This is a story about the abuse of a company that benefits from Alinity
We can copyright Pewdiepie? Ok, Collabdrm is a very big company. They must know the law. Everything must be fine
I trust her and I think that's how she works
That's why this incredibly unfortunate situation seems to have this. How did this happen? too bad
So because she does not want to feel like a victim she swells her chest acting like
Anything else tells me that although there is a contract with her, they will try to get out of it
So it no longer works with Collab. How noble she says she basically did not actually tell Collabdrm
To hit my channel and Collabdrm themselves they confirm that it's true that they just hit my video
They work with Alinity
They did not beat her because
Alinity told them that this information was superfluous because she said I would demand the video that the video received
The allegations were made and then I got credit in the end for the video that was claimed after that because everyone suddenly shot it
The story is suddenly different from the Collabs error. one more time. Finally, I'm sorry I'm sorry to call you tune twitch
I will definitely be careful in using this word in the future
But you have to stop blaming others. Stop Blaming Collabdrm Stop paying kind of sexual bias stories
Stop blaming me and
He admitted that what I did was wrong in fact not difficult
I know what it's like to be under fire by the Internet. I did not have to use any of these excuses
Have you ever heard of the impact of Barbara Streisand?
There is a woman trying to sue a cameraman to take a photo on her house
The photographer did not know she was her home
Just as I did not know what the hell was and by prosecuting this photographer. You may see what I'm going here
Everyone is discovering this picture of the house, which is the opposite of what you want
Yes, maybe I was wrong because you were invited to threaten but you brought this whole situation to yourself and no one but you
This leads me to the second part and most of all this. Frankly, I do not care about Alanti this whole thing
Hypocrisy about the whole situation. It is funny and funny to me to ridicule
In order to flesh and bone the most dangerous video from Collabdrm company hit the channel
I am more familiar with them and understand their actions and understand what they are trying to do if they have
Video license and want to claim ownership of it
I have no problem with that, but it seems to me that they often do not take fair use into account
Alinity interacted with my video just as I interacted with it
Why can you claim all my video revenue for it?
For a 4-second hole they later admitted that it was a human error, but in fact it did not happen all the time
I had like I said
I got two screams of my second voice to get all the video revenue that has nothing to do with the video
I saw only one image appear for a few seconds
Claim all video revenue in the same way as fair use and the copy strike system now
Is that if your company asks for your video, you can appeal it, but it's up to that company to say yes or no
Of course, they will misuse this power. Of course, they have a lot of strength at this stage
I am happy that this has emerged. We hope these companies will be more responsible in the future
The last thing is as I said, I understand if you want to license your content
But if you are interested in protecting your content
You will say at least what your license is
If you go to the Collabdrm site, they say they are receiving the claim. My video is fair use
Why do you claim that? None of this is true
If it does, can you give me the exact timing of a violation that appears to be true?
If my video is claimed, at least you know why you're claiming it, but our mission is not to help creators
Control their content by not helping the intruders avoid claims. I'm a builder.
You do not help anyone
You just take the revenue
This is an ideal example of these patent companies that misuse patent laws to claim revenue instead of fair
Product protection is exactly the same thing happens
But with video content, since YouTube does not want to access it
These companies misuse this power, and this is one of the issues that led to this whole ordeal
She had this strength and that is why she became very transparent in this case
Think
YouTube must actually make it so that you have to say what part of the video is claimed or at least submitted
Option for
Ignore this video if just a picture appears on the screen just make the screen black at least give us this option
This video will be monetized 100% if the number of views reaches 50 thousand fans Gloria Borger
And you're watching and you've been phill'd in
* Pew News music outro *
ASS is available on everything